Namu Amida Butsu
Psychics
Mob Psycho 100 III
1st Career Path Survey
Finals Score Ranking by Grade
Rank 305/352
Rank 297/352 - Rank 339/350
Rank 313/347
Rank 190/350
Yuzu Pepper High School
Rank 4/350
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 7%
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
The New Star of the 21st Century
Reigen Arataka's
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Executing the Exorcism!
Option A-- Trial Course A Mere 2,000 yen
Option B-- Serious Course 5,000 yen
Option C-- All-Out Course 12,000 yen
Hideaway Café
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Tuna & Mayonnaise
Rice Grain Big Bang
Finals Score
Ranking by Grade Rank 5/347
1st Career Path Survey
Body Improvement Club
Finals Score Ranking by Grade
Rank 343/352
Rank 267/352 - Rank 283/352
Rank 2/350 - Rank 319/352
Rank 351/352
Roll Cake - Divine Tree Spice
The Divine Tree's Bounty
Thickly Cut Cow Tongue
The Psycho Helmet Religion
New Followers Welcome
Rank 60/350
Mob Psycho 100 III
Shoulders heavy, sleep paralysis
cavities even when he brushes his teeth,
fired from job, girlfriend left,
EVIL SPIRIT, garbage
Mosquito Coils - 30 coils
Good Hydrogen Water - Roach Buster
Fried Chicken Fair
Hydrogen Water Mist
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
The New Star of the Spiritual World
Weekly Shonen Ura Sunday
Prospective Career Path
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 18%
Future Hope - Prospects
Class 2-1 No. 7
Student Name: Kageyama Shigeo
Guardian's Name: Kageyama Nobuhiko - (1)
What do you plan to do after you graduate
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
The New Star of the 21st Century
Reigen Arataka's
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Future ~Career Paths~
Yokai Hunter Amakusa Haruaki Appears!
~The Threat of a Hundred Demons!!~